welcome to half our meals calm I'm here
with Jared wood of sushi by Jared and
he's going to show us how to make a
California roll what we're gonna do is
put on our gloves sesame all on our
fingers again the reason why we're using
sesame oil on our gloves is it infuses
really really well into the rice I'm
gonna grab our nori sheets we're gonna
grab our little ball of rice just a nice
little palm full we replace two right in
the middle of the nori and we're just
gonna work our ways cover this nori
sheet and get all those edges covered
thin it a little bit correct
you just want to make sure that you're
not they're not changed in the
consistency of the rice that you've
worked so hard to create next step is
always sesame seeds sesame seeds yep
toasted sesame seeds okay so now we're
gonna grab our mats or mats I take our
mats here and this time we're gonna put
the rice facing down the rice is facing
down the mount always taped down we're
gonna grab some crab crabby
this crab meat is a sushi grade crab
meat it's called a sea stick this one is
used with real king crab juices so now
we got our pieces of crab we're just
gonna put those on to the rule
what I what I tend to do is I visually
look at a wall I tend to try and keep my
product closer to me right it just
allows better when you're pulling it
together to get that seal that you need
I see so we're just gonna add some some
cucumbers that we cut before and we're
gonna add some avocado so we grab this
avocado I'm gonna go a little bit
thicker and just when you're cutting the
avocado you don't need to use a lot of
pressure let your blade just slowly go
through the avocado to get the cuts that
you want what we're gonna do is you're
gonna take your four fingers and use our
thumbs in behind now this is this is
where it gets a little bit tricky this
is we're gonna have to make sure that
you're forcing that in not using a lot
of pressure that it's squeezing out the
ends and give it a fold over just to get
back soon feels alright not bad oh all
right
now we're just gonna go one two so
fingers up in the corner again just lift
it up grab with your right hand four
fingers in front thumb behind one two
Wow okay ready voila
look at that it's amazing so put our
Matt flip it back over right put it to
the end and just kind of work that down
there again you don't have to use a lot
of pressure just feeling how the product
inside your hand and I condensed this
everything together there yep right in
the middle
sometimes you get a bad cut you can just
remove that that's for yourself no
problem
and through don't have to push let the
blade do the work and check this out
little bum here go Cheers formulas calm
[Music]
[Applause]